It's time for the Post page, the first job is a clean up.
I think you know how to use conditional rendering by now so we can get rid of this example's.
Next, we should not use the array access anymore.
As we have objects here, not a array's.
Then, since a lot of us timestamped fields on every model, let's show the date when the post was added.
Add a paragraph, Laravel uses the carbon date time library, so every date in Laravel is a carbon object
instance by default.
It's handy deve for humans method can show debate in how much time has passed since.
Then let's add some flavor.
If the post was added during the last five minutes, we would like to see the new barge on it.
That's easy.
Adn if DirecTV.
Using now helper that generates the carbon object with the current time, compare it with the post created
at Collum.
If it's less than five.
The post is new and we display about.
Using alert and alert in four classes and a text should be new exclamation mark.
So see if that changes and let's see how this looks like in action.
So there it is, the title, the content and also the timestamp.
So to see that barge, I would have to add a new blog post.
That is first we've got our ugly red flush message, but on the bottom, we see on an alert that this
is actually our new blog post added one second ago and this will be displayed for the next five minutes.